STEVE: YOU READY?
DERRICK: YES, SIR.
STEVE: 20 SECONDS ON THE CLOCK,
PLEASE. WE ASKED 100 MARRIED
WOMEN, WHEN YOU HAVE A FIGHT
WITH YOUR HUSBAND, WHAT
PERCENTAGE OF THE TIME IS HE
WRONG?
DERRICK: 100.
STEVE: NAME A BIRD THAT MAKES A
LOT OF NOISE.
DERRICK: HUMMINGBIRD.
STEVE: NAME SOME--NAME SOMETHING
YOU WEAR THAT YOU NEVER HANG UP.
DERRICK: SOCKS.
STEVE: NAME A PLACE YOU SEE A
LOT OF UNHAPPY MEN.
DERRICK: AT THE BAR.
STEVE: FILL IN THE BLANK--
UNITED BLANK.
DERRICK: STATES.
NICKY: WHOO!
STEVE: COME ON, DUDE.
WE ASKED 100--100 MARRIED WOMEN,
WHEN YOU HAVE A FIGHT WITH YOUR
HUSBAND, WHAT PERCENTAGE OF THE
TIME IS HE WRONG?
YOU SAID 100%. SURVEY SAID...
DERRICK: REALLY?
STEVE: NAME A BIRD THAT MAKES A
LOT OF NOISE.
YOU SAID...
HUMMINGBIRD.
SURVEY SAID...
DERRICK: OH. WELL--
NICKY: HA HA HA!
STEVE: GET OUT OF HERE. NAME
SOMETHING YOU WEAR THAT YOU
NEVER HANG UP.
YOU SAID SOCKS.
THAT'S SMART. SURVEY SAID...
NAME A PLACE YOU SEE A LOT OF
UNHAPPY MEN.
YOU SAID THE BAR. SURVEY SAID...
YEAH. FILL IN THE BLANK--
UNITED BLANK.
YOU SAID STATES. SURVEY SAID...
DERRICK: WHOO! YEAH! THAT'S
RIGHT, MAN. YES. YES.
STEVE: DERRICK DID GOOD. HE GOT
127. YOU NEED 73. COME ON, MAN.
LET'S FOCUS. YOU READY?
KEVIN: YEP.
STEVE: ALL RIGHT. LET'S REMIND
EVERYBODY OF DERRICK'S ANSWERS.
STEVE: 25 SECONDS ON THE CLOCK,
PLEASE. COME ON, MAN. LET'S TAKE
A SHOT AT THIS. WE ASKED 100
MARRIED WOMEN, WHEN YOU HAVE A
FIGHT WITH YOUR HUSBAND, WHAT
PERCENTAGE OF THE TIME IS HE
WRONG?
KEVIN: 100%
[BUZZ BUZZ]
STEVE: TRY AGAIN.
KEVIN: 90%.
STEVE: NAME A BIRD THAT MAKES A
LOT OF NOISE.
KEVIN: A PARROT.
STEVE: NAME SOMETHING YOU WEAR
THAT YOU NEVER HANG UP.
KEVIN: SHOES.
STEVE: NAME A PLACE YOU SEE A
LOT OF UNHAPPY MEN.
KEVIN: WEDDINGS.
STEVE: FILL IN THE BLANK--
U--
[LAUGHTER]
UNITED BLANK.
KEVIN: STATES.
[BUZZ BUZZ]
STEVE: TRY AGAIN.
KEVIN: NATIONS.
[APPLAUSE]
STEVE: BOY...
I--
BOY, I LOVE Y'ALL ANSWERS, BOY.
THESE DUDES IS MY FAVORITE. BOY,
THAT'LL BE GOOD. HERE WE GO. WE
NEED 73 POINTS. COME ON, MAN.
WE ASKED 100 MARRIED WOMEN, WHEN
YOU HAVE A FIGHT WITH YOUR
HUSBAND, WHAT PERCENTAGE OF THE
TIME IS HE WRONG? YOU SAID 90--
AT FIRST, YOU SAID 100%, AND I
AGREE WITH YOU 1,000.
HERE WE GO. SURVEY SAID...
50% WAS NUMBER ONE.
NAME A BIRD THAT MAKES A LOT OF
NOISE.
YOU SAID PARROT. SURVEY SAID...
PARROT AND PARAKEET WAS THE
NUMBER-ONE ANSWER. WE'RE 36
POINTS AWAY, MAN. NAME SOMETHING
YOU WEAR YOU NEVER HANG UP.
YOU SAID SHOES. SURVEY SAID...
DERRICK: WHOO!
STEVE: UNDERWEAR WAS THE
NUMBER-ONE ANSWER. WE 12 POINTS
AWAY, MAN. NAME A PLACE YOU SEE
A LOT OF UNHAPPY MEN.
YOU--YOU--YOU--YOU SAID AT A
DAMN WEDDING. EVERYBODY IN HERE
IN MISERY. SURVEY SAID...
[BUZZER]
AUDIENCE: OHH!
STEVE: BAR AND NIGHTCLUB WAS
NUMBER ONE.
FILL IN THE BLANK--
UNITED BLANK.
YOU SAID UNITED NATIONS.
SURVEY SAID...
GOD...
KEVIN: I CAN'T BE HERE NO MORE.
STEVE: GOSH.
KEVIN: I CAN'T EVEN BE HERE NO
MORE.
STEVE: WOW. UNITED STATES WAS
THE NUMBER-ONE ANSWER. MAN,
$5.00 A POINT, 990 BUCKS. THEY
GOT A 3-DAY TOTAL OF 21,960
BUCKS, AND THEY'RE COMING RIGHT
BACK ON "FAMILY FEUD." I'M STEVE
HARVEY, AND WE'LL SEE YOU NEXT
TIME, FOLKS. WOW.